Fix bad and/or broken links in the documentation (#717)
pyrsia/pyrsia: docs/tutorials/setup_on_macosx.md

You have just built yourself a working Pyrsia network. Enjoy using it and
showcasing it to your teams and please share any feedback!

> Next you can, follow the instructions in git push --set-upstream origin set-npm-ver-req

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next you can follow the [demo instructions](https://pyrsia.io/docs/tutorials/demo/)
```

> Next you can, follow the instructions in git push --set-upstream origin set-npm-ver-req

Author: Whoops must have type in the wrong window
